c02 translation update (#155)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c02/25/0/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
「やあ、初めまして」=“Hi, how do you do?”
「おーっほっほっほ、わざわざ挨拶に来たのね！　いい心がけですわ！」=“Ohohohoh, I see you've come to greet me! That's a good attitude to have!”
「あ、ああ……ええっと、[P名前]って言うんだけど……」=“Y-Yeah... eerhm, I go by [P名前], for what it's worth...”
「あら、名前までは結構よ！　でも積極的なのは悪いことじゃないわね」=“Oh, I didn't quite ask! But being assertive is not a bad quality to have.”

> 「え？　でも、初対面なんだし、自己紹介ぐらい、ちゃんとさせてくれよ」=“Eh? But, this is the first time we're metting, atleast let me introduce myself properly.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「え？　でも、初対面なんだし、自己紹介ぐらい、ちゃんとさせてくれよ」=“Eh? But, this is the first time we've met, at least let me introduce myself properly.”
```

「…………」=“......”
「ふふ、あなたは見込みがありそうね。いいわ、忘れるまで、その名前憶えておいてあげる。感謝なさい」=“Fufuh, seems that you have some potential indeed. Very well, I shall keep that name in my mind, until I forget it. Be grateful.”
「あ、ありがとう」=“T-Thanks.”

> 「どういたしまして。でも勘違いしないでね。あなたのためにあまり長い時間は割いてあげられませんから」=“You are very welcome. But do not misunderstand. For I cannot make all that much time for you.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「どういたしまして。でも勘違いしないでね。あなたのためにあまり長い時間は割いてあげられませんから」=“You are very welcome. But do not misunderstand. For I cannot make much time for you.”
```
